                           Open Foundry Term of Use

The purpose of Open Foundry website (Hereinafter "Website") is to advance the
development and innovation of free software. All free software or its content
must be licensed under Open Source Initiative or be recognized by Open Foundry.
(Hereinafter "Purpose of Open Foundry")

Open Foundry provided users with abundant sources to facilitate the development
and innovation of free software. The sources Open Foundry provides include
various communication tools, source code control and project management tools,
mailing lists, consolidated service, individualized content, etc. (Hereinafter
"Service").

Before you use the Website, please read through the Term of Use thoroughly.

1. Acceptance

If you want to use the Website, you shall be subject to the Term of Use. If you
do not accept the Term of Use, please do NOT use the Website.

If you accept the Term of Use and consent to all its content without making any
verification, Open Foundry will provide you with all online information and
Service. If you do not accept the Term of Use, you will not be granted the
right to use Open Foundry and the Service, and shall not use Open Foundry and
the Service.

Open Foundry reserves the right to modify the Term of Use irregularly and
unilaterally. Any modified clause of the Term of Use will become effective
right after it is posted online. Continuing using Website after the modified
clause(s) has/have been posted will constitute your consent to all
modification.

In addition, individual user may need particular clause(s) in accordance with
specific service, the particular clause(s) will be posted online irregularly
and will be incorporated into the Term of Use as part of it.

If Open Foundry updates any particular clause, Open Foundry will post the
modified version and its effective date on Open Foundry homepage. Open Foundry
will also post the modified clause(s) on the specific web page where the
service is often used, and will provide a link to the original clause(s) on the
same web page.

Open Foundry reserves the right to terminate its Service temporarily or
permanently at any time. Unless clearly stated in the Term of Use, Open Foundry
does not bear any liability to any modification, discontinuation or termination
made by any third party or user.

2. Illegal Use Is Not Allowed.

Using Open Foundry constitutes your guarantee to Open Foundry: You will not
make use of Open Foundry or any content of it illegally or against the Purpose
of Open Foundry. If you violate any clause of the Term of Use, the
authorization of using Open Foundry will automatically be terminated
temporarily or permanently.

3. User Must Be Responsible For the Connection of Internet

If you want to use the Service, you must obtain the connection to the Internet
directly or indirectly by your own. Besides, you must also pay the fees arising
from use of the Internet, including but not limited to the service fees and
equipment fees.

4. Registration Obligation

If requested by Open Foundry, you must: (a) provide your true, precise, latest
and complete individual information (Hereinafter "Registered Information");(b)
maintain and update Registered Information. If after investigation, Open
Foundry has reasonable doubt that the Registered Information is fake,
incorrect, not latest or incomplete, Open Foundry may temporarily or
permanently terminate your registered account and forbid you to use the
Service.

You will receive a confirmation letter in your e-mail account after the
registration process is completed. You have the obligation to keep your
account, password unrevealed and bear the liability to every activity under
this account. If you do not comply with this clause (clause 4) and cause
losses, including but not limited to (a) you do not notify Open Foundry any
unauthorized access to your account and password or any other conduct that
constitutes security concern; (b) you do not finish the log-off process
completely, Open Foundry will not be responsible for any loss.

Open Foundry reserves the right to process all Registered Information according
to Open Foundry Privacy Policy. You may obtain the Open Foundry Privacy Policy
on Open Foundry homepage.

5. Content

You must personally take full responsibility arising from information,
documents, words, software, music, sound, photos, figures, telecommunication,
messages or other information (Hereinafter "Content") you publicly posted or
privately transferred. The Content you posted on the Website, any of your
conduct, or activities you participated relating to Open Foundry can not
violate the laws or other regulations, including but not limited to, the laws
regulate software encryption、technology export、pornography transferring, or
licensing of intellectual property. Open Foundry may have the right in its
discretion to decide whether the Content or conduct is illegal, and may take
any related measures.

Open Foundry will not verify the Website Content in advance, but it reserves
the right to block or delete any content that violates the Term of Use or the
laws. Open foundry may be at its discretion to save the Content; and if
requested by the laws, orders of judicial department or the government, or to
protect Open Foundry, users and the public's right, property or personal
safety, Open Foundry may disclose related Content. Otherwise stated in the Term
of Use, in no event shall Open Foundry be liable for any damage whatsoever. The
Website Content is provided on an "AS IS" basis, without warranties of any
kind, either express or implied, including but not limited to any warranty
regarding the content or its accuracy.

You are solely responsible for determining the appropriateness of using the
Content posted on the Website and assume all risks associated with your
exercise under the Term of Use.

6. Licensing of the Code or Other Content Posted on the Website, and Other
Regulations

The use, reproduction, modification or any other activity related to the
intellectual property right of the file saved under version control system or
other files users released and posted on the Website (Hereinafter "Work"),
should be subject to the license authorized by the Open Source Initiative, or
Open Foundry.

The ownership of the document or file you uploaded on Open Foundry public web
page (e.g. suggestion box and mistake tracking system) (Hereinafter "Open
Foundry Public Content") belongs to you. However, the ownership of the
statistics Open Foundry arranges for records and public displays belongs to
Open Foundry.

You license for Open Foundry royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable,
non-exclusive right to use, reproduce, publish, produce compiled work, modify,
rewrite, produce derivative work, translate, distribute, perform and display
Open Foundry Public Content you conveyed. You also license for Open Foundry the
right to integrate Open Foundry Public Content into other work by using any
means, mediums or unknown, not yet invented technology.

With regard to the Content you posted on Open Foundry non public space (e.g.
non-public Open Foundry development tool or Open Foundry mail), you may decide
which license you prefer to use and what kind of right you want to license for
Open Foundry or other users.

File(s) saved on any sub-website hosted by Open Foundry should be subject to
the license Open Source Initiative (OSI), or Open Foundry authorized.

7. No Sale of Open Foundry Service

You agree that you will not sell, resell all or part of the Service, the right
to use or access to the Service. You also agree that you will not put forward
any proposal or price quote of the Service stated above for any commercial
purpose.

8. Use and Saving

Open Foundry is not responsible for any failure in communicating or saving
files. If a(n) account/project is inactive for a certain period of time, Open
Foundry reserves the right to mark "inactive" on the account/project and file
it in other places.

9. Termination of the Right to Use

Open Foundry may be at its discretion to terminate your account with or without
causes, without prior notification at any time, if you: 1. violate the Term of
Use; or 2. abuse the resources Open Foundry provides or are unauthorized to
access the Website or other related resources; or 3. are against Purpose of
Open Foundry to use the website; or 4. request to terminate your account; 5.
violate laws, regulations, court rules or government orders; 6.cause damages to
Open Foundry or other people because of misuse of the Website. Open Foundry is
not responsible for any loss thus occurred.

10. Linkage

Open Foundry does not warrant that information with regard to the service of
website linkage provided by Open Foundry or the third party is accurate, or is
fit for your use. Open Foundry is not responsible for any loss thus occurred.

11. Disclaimer, Warranty and Limitation of Liability

You agree to indemnify, hold harmless and defend Open Foundry and its related
personnel from and against any claim or lawsuit (e.g. claims arising from your
use of the Website, posting or transferring files or violation of the Term of
Use).

You should take any loss or destruction arising out of downloading files from
the Website. Your use of the Website does not constitute agency, partnership,
joint venture, employment, agent or any other relationship between Open Foundry
and you. The Term of Use does not extend to any third party.

This clause (clause 11) is good for any loss or harm arising from any operation
mistake, negligence, interruption, delete, flaw, late operation, virus, failure
to link, larceny, destruction or any other unauthorized interact, change, no
matter if it is due to breach of contract, tort action, negligence or any other
conduct.

12. Intellectual Property

Open Foundry respects others' intellectual property, and hopes you also do so.

If you reasonably doubt that copyright of your work is infringed, you may
provide Open Foundry the following information:

1) Signature or electronic signature of the copyright owner or licensor.

2) Indicate the work you claimed is infringed.

3) Indicate the file you claimed infringes your work's copyright and provide
information to make Open Foundry be able to identify the location of the file.

4) Your true name, address, phone number and e-mail address.

5) A statement declared by you provides that you have reasonable doubt of
claimed infringement of copyright.

6) Under penalty of perjury, a statement shows that your claim is true and you
are the copyright owner or authorized licensee.

After receiving the above information, Open Foundry will process and
investigate the claimed infringement and will take proper actions in accordance
with other related intellectual property regulations. If infringement is found
to have been taken place, Open Foundry will immediately delete the file or make
it no longer accessible, and will also notify you and other users that the said
file has been removed.

If after investigation, the claimed act does not constitute copyright
infringement under Intellectual Property Law of R.O.C., Open Foundry will
provide you a notification, and put the removed or deleted file back to the
Website.

13. Miscellaneous

The Term of Use constitutes mutual consent between you and Open Foundry, and
replaces any prior agreement. If you want to use additional service, third
parties' content or third parties' software on the Website, you must be subject
to other term of use. The Term of Use should be governed by laws of the
Republic of China. You agree to submit to the personal and exclusive
jurisdiction of the Taipei District Court with respect to any legal proceedings
that may arise in connection with the Service or from a dispute as to the
interpretation or breach of the Term of Use. If any part of the Term of Use is
considered void by the competent court, the rest should still remain effective.

The headings to the sections in the Term of Use are for convenience purpose
only and are not determinative.

If you find that anyone violates the Term of Use, please contact Open Foundry
at report@openfoundry.org.


